# WSP (236369) - Workshop 2

## Introduction

Welcome to the workshop 2!

In this workshop assignment you will implement a basic comments API using NodeJS and MongoDB.

## Getting Started

To start with the assignment, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/pws236369/Workshop-2-2024.git
    ```

2. **Install Dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
## Building and Running the Application

After installing the dependencies, you can build and run the application using the following commands:

1. **Build:**

     ```bash
     npm run build
     ```

   This command generates a production-ready build in the `dist` folder.

2. **Run Development Server:**

     ```bash
     npm run dev
     ```

## API Requirements

Your API should support the following endpoints:
| Method | Endpoint | Description |
|--------|----------|-------------|
| GET    | /api/comment/{id} | Returns a comment with a certain id. |
| GET    | /api/comments?skip={skip}&limit={limit} | Returns multiple comments with pagination enforced. |
| POST   | /api/comment | Creates a new comment. |

The comment entity should have the following structure:
```typescript
{
  id: String, // generated by the db
  eventId: String,
  author: String,
  content: String,
  createdAt: String // in YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM format
}
```

- The `id` field is generated by the database and should not be provided by the client.
- All other fields are required and must not be empty!

## Task

In order to complete the assignment, you need to do the following:
1. Create a new MongoDB database on [Atlas](https://mongodb.com) and a collection called `comments`.
1. Fill in all 4 "TODO"s in this repository.
1. Upload your solution to a private GitHub repository and add the staff acount ([pws236369](https://github.com/pws236369)) as a collaborator.
1. Deploy your solution to [Render](https://render.com).

## Testing Your Solution

We recommend using Thunder Client VSCode extension to test your solution. Try to send requests (correct and faulty ones) to your server and see if it behaves as expected.

## Submission

After completing the assignment requirements, submit a single text file via Webcourse containing:
- Your ID.
- The URL of your Render deployment.
- The URL of your GitHub repository.

## Notes
- Submission deadline: Tuesday 05.03 at 23:55.
- Submitting after the deadline wouldn’t be possible.
- Submission in singles only.